there we go
hi welcome to movement by david
this is going to be a super short video
i plan on making this
a really fun and easy stretching routine
that anybody can do
so if you're looking to get started with
stretching this is the place for you
all you need is a wall and the floor
so let's get started follow along
start standing up lean against the wall
with your feet about a fist distance in
between those ankles
keep the back completely flat and lean
yourself
forward so that your face is in line
with your shoulders and your shoulders
are in line with your hips
and your back is not rounding you might
not be able to get this far you might be
somewhere up here or here somewhere up
there
but just go to wherever you can you
should feel this in your hamstrings and
you should feel it down into your calves
a bit too
just breathing deeply right here
this is a super super valuable stretch i
love it so much i do it all the time
you can also do it away from a wall but
it's a little bit more difficult
and now go ahead and round your back
forward reach toward the ground
even if you can't reach keep your back
rounding forward this time so instead of
flat like this you're just gonna round
forward holding right here
and now flatten your back again hands on
your hips
bend one knee and stretch it back out
the other side bend one knee
and stretch it back out one more time on
each side bend the knee
and stretch and bend
and stretch great job go ahead and roll
yourself down
and butterfly stretch go ahead and bring
that is a mop i don't want to squish you
all right
perfect bring those feet down bring it
all the way in
as far as you can go if you have to
start out here that's fine that's where
you have to start
but bring your feet in as far as you can
go
hold them there and then open the knees
to the side
hold right here and your goal is to keep
your back as flat as possible
so you're probably gonna start like this
but that's okay
just try and flatten your back as much
as possible
breathing right here i like to breathe
in through the nose
and out through the mouth
it helps me concentrate relax
and focus and now roll
forward so instead of keeping a flat
back roll yourself forward and reach
forward through those hands
you can rock a little side to side
you'll feel this stretching in your back
your
inner thighs and a little bit in your
glutes but mostly your hips
[Music]
there we go and roll yourself
back up great job we're going to do our
hip flexor
so your your knee is going to stay over
your ankle and your other foot is going
to stretch
all the way back just like this here's
the side view
this is called a runner's lunge
keep that knee lifted up holding right
here
breathing deeply
and lower the knee down point out
through the toes in the back just like
that
and keep this pelvis sinking towards the
floor
here's an optional challenge for you go
ahead and lift yourself up
onto your knee holding right here
and lower yourself down lift up
and switch sides runners lunge on the
other side
keep that knee all the way straight to
start
holding and breathing deeply
inhale through the nose and exhale
through the mouth
lower the knee down point out through
the toe
and remember to keep those hips sinking
forward
an optional challenge to lift yourself
up onto your knee
keep those hips sinking forward
breathing deeply
and lower yourself down
lift up and go ahead
and this time you're going to lay down
all the way flat
cross an ankle over your knee and you
might feel the stretch already right
here
and that's okay if so hold that but if
not go ahead and grab
your opposite hamstring let the foot go
down
and instead of pulling it in towards you
like this
extend your arms bring your tailbone all
the way down to the ground
this is a little bit of a healthier way
of doing it
breathing deeply this is a piriformis
stretch
stretches your side glute area
broom that's a motorcycle i think
or maybe a rocket ship who knows and
switch sides
elon musk what you doing out there
breathing deeply holding this stretch
this is a figure four stretch we
sometimes call it thread the needle
and exhale and
bring those feet down two more stretches
left
and then we're all done so for this next
one you're gonna be on
all fours just like this one hand goes
through rotate just go to wherever you
can control
it and that it's not uncomfortable so
here's a side angle just like this
and this other hand you can bring it
back behind you if you like but if not
just keep it down right here
just hold and breathe
and other side lift yourself up
and stretch under and through
and you have the option of the hand back
behind
just breathing deeply
and lift yourself up
sit down this is our last stretch just
grow as tall as you possibly can
inhale lift high exhale stretch
yourself over to the side but don't let
your pelvis lift
keep it all the way down arcing through
your pinky
all the way down to your pelvic bone and
lift up
other side inhale lift and exhale
stretch
over and again don't let the pelvis lift
keep it all the way down
arcing from the pinky all the way down
to the pelvic bone
and lift yourself up and just shake it
off
all right you should feel better and
ready to take on the day
or go to bed whatever works best for you
i hope that helps if you're new to the
channel go ahead and click subscribe
if you're from tick tock high tick tock
i hope you had a good stretching routine
i hope that helps because this is for
you guys you've been asking for it for a
long time
and i hope this is short enough as well
so
see you guys